you
hey guys this is a v-shape from
canisters calm and today we are here at
the eyes in cast stone of which is
selling the new iPhone 6 and 6 plus and
this is right now almost 1 in midnight
at night time again it is 1m
approximately 5 minutes are just left to
be one aim and right time in the store
at greater collage and they are selling
the iPhone 6 and 6 plus to the consumers
as for the availability which they have
they have a lot of units available for
the 6 as well as for the 6 plus so we
are going to do a hands-on of this
particular device this device again cost
a good amount of money in case you plan
to buy it you can buy the 16gb model for
sixty two thousand five hundred rupees
64gb will come for safety one seventy
one thousand five hundred bees and 128gb
will come for 80 thousand five hundred
fees you can compare the pricing of the
iPhone 6 with the six plus and when it
comes to the pricing of the six we can
see that the price for the six 16gb is
53 thousand five hundred for 64gb it is
62 thousand five hundred and for 128gb
it is 71 thousand five hundred
so here we have the iPhone 6 plus and
this 6 plus again is bigger as you can
see it is definitely bigger to hold in
one hand and one-handed you should've
device is definitely going to be
something which will be difficult
although Apple has given this option of
using the phone in this small English
all icons go down and you can use it
with one hand but especially in case you
would like to reach the top of the part
of the phone then it will be difficult
it is 5.5 inch retina HD display 1 to 1
9 to 0 into 1 to 0 high-definition
display
it has a processor as we already know we
have 8 megapixel camera at the back
iSight camera is which optical with the
optical image stabilization we have the
iPhone 6 does not have the optical image
stabilization on the camera part the
iPhone 6 plus has it if we talk about
the FaceTime camera we do have FaceTime
camera which can record high-definition
video the rear camera can record
high-definition video at 1 0 is Rho P
and it can also record slow-motion
videos at 240fps taking the build
quality I can say that the build quality
is definitely good but again this one is
made up of complete aluminum we have the
gold champagne gold version with us as
you can see which looks cool and you
have Apple logo with it we have the
camera we have the keuken two-tone flash
we have secondary microphone over there
we have primary microphone at the bottom
three points a more DJ we have this port
over here eight pin dock for the
charging and data syncing for the cable
you have loudspeaker over there on this
side we can see that we have the SIM
card slot for the nano SIM we have the
power of a key on this side and then the
volume rocker is on this on this side
which are two buttons and then you have
the mute key over there so in terms of
the build quality definitely in terms of
the overall look and feel it is it feels
a lot more premium it is made up of
aluminum at the backside and inside we
have glass over there so glass is there
and on the edges as well we have
aluminum so it looks good it looks in
terms it looks good in terms of the over
compactor and it looks good definitely
in terms of the look and feel it which
looks very premium so once you hold this
device in one hand you can see that the
device is definitely bigger but you can
still use it it is not that biggest 5.5
inch display it is but the bezel over
here is slightly thick which is
something which I can notice on the
bottom we have the touch ID sensor which
which allows you to unlock the phone now
in case you would like
and we have the nice material piece
below the glass we have the front camera
within we have proximity and ventilation
as well on this device talking about the
specification this device has Wi-Fi
connectivity with 802.11 AC Wi-Fi
connectivity iOS 8 is coming through
loaded iCloud is also this it will come
in silver gold in space particular so in
terms of in terms of the overall form
factor and the kind of finishing they
have given it is again brave prima
finishing but definitely it is kind of
weaker especially at this point over
this because it may Bend from this
particular point but again only if you
apply certain more amount of pressure on
the iPhone six-plus then only it will
happen like this as far as camera is
concerned let me just give you a camera
if for this device and we will just take
a photo of iPhone 6 from the iPhone 6
plus and show you the camera quality of
this device so we have the photo option
over there let me just take a photo of
iPhone 6 over there and I will show you
the same so this is how the photo looks
like as you can see the photo looks very
good in terms of the clarity as well
have in terms of details and again we
can see that the color production is
also very good the camera performance is
definitely good talking about the front
camera I can show you the view from the
front camera so this is how the front
camera view will look like and you can
take very good shots from the front
camera steps which is good so front
camera shots are also good let me show
you that as well as far as quality is
concerned this is how the front camera
quality will look like the front camera
is good enough to take selfie shots
which the in case you would like to do
that and it is quite fastest in camera
shutter is really fast on this device
the kind of UI it has is also responsive
even it is running the later version of
iOS 8 it is responsive UI which we have
on this one and when we talk about the
storage let me just show you the storage
information finally so as of now the
version which we have is us and I'm just
going to confirm that but this is the
16gb version which we have with us and
on this 16gb version you will get 7.9 GB
available to the user and 3.9 GPA is
being used by the operating system so
this looks like a premium phone are very
good phone specially in terms of the
build quality we will give you more
information box to get this device for
review thanks for watching this video in
case you have any questions you can
leave your questions in the comment
section below you can light this video
the studio-- help you by clicking the
like button below you can subscribe to
our youtube channel for more videos like
this package mu subscribe button below
thanks for watching this video
this is abhishek signing off thank you